well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about for
whom the bell tolls
before we do that i'm going to give you
some context a little bit of historical
context because sometimes
numbers get so big it's hard to really
get your mind around
during world war ii the number of combat
lost was 291 thousand five hundred and
fifty seven
the national cathedral just told its
bell 300 times
one ring of the bell to represent one
thousand people
lost our current public health struggles
now uh are larger in scope
of loss than world war ii
so we're gonna do a little update on it
first the good news
the good doc is saying that he hopes
vaccines going to be
widely available by the end of march
beginning of april
that would be amazing the logistics
involved with
actually pulling that off are huge
it'd be really impressive i recently
said
i probably wouldn't be able to get one
until thanksgiving of next year
and that may still be true for me
because governor desantis is in charge
of our rollout and
yeah but you all should be all right you
all should be able to get one pretty
soon
um so that's the good news
that being said you still have to wear a
mask
socially distance for a little bit why
because what the studies show as far as
the vaccine goes
is that it's very effective at stopping
you from
becoming seriously ill or even showing
symptoms
there's not really a whole lot of
information about whether
you can get it and give it to somebody
else
even after the vaccine
so does this mean that we're gonna have
to wear masks and socially distance
forever
no we have to do it until either that
information becomes available
or about 230 million americans get it
because by that point it's gonna be
really hard for it to transmit too much
so that's where we're at there now
for all you macho guys i have some news
that may change your opinion
about wearing a mask you know your big
bad and brave and all i know you don't
care about the worst
possible outcome however
if you get it and make it
there's some long-term considerations
you might want to consider
there are now studies suggesting that uh
well one piece of anatomy that you truly
do care about
may not work so well leave you in bad
standing
wouldn't be too hard to understand
follow
so wash your hands
don't touch your face stay at home if
you have to go somewhere
wear a mask we are nearing
the end of this for the first time i can
actually see a light at the end of the
tunnel
said from the beginning this is going to
go on until we get a safe reliable
effective available vaccine
and that appears to just be a few months
away
so hang in there don't let up now
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day